## 'generated' datafile descriptions

Generated datafiles contain UAV designs generated using the 'CharRNN' model (see the model folder) trained on the 
'preprocessed_validunique.csv' drone designs, and simulator metrics were collected using the HyForm simulator.

Datafiles *may* have prefixes:
- filtered_ - Range column truncated to zero, designs with 'TimeOut' and 'Error' results removed.
- novel_ - Designs not seen in other data
- simresults_ - Designs with metrics acquired from HyForm simulator
- augmented_ - Contains payload augmented designs, i.e, one design is repeated for many possible payload values
- unique_ - File does not contain duplcate designs
- aggregated_ - Aggregation of multiple different data sources (i.e RNN gen. designs, pre-existing designs, etc.)

### 062722152144_sample1.csv
Contains ~~9370~~ 9328 novel (not seen in the training set) UAV designs generated using model from experiment
ID 062722152144 (See experiments/CharRNN for model). Respective simulator results acquired using HyForm simulator.

Statistics for design outcomes:
- ~~2465~~ 2452 designs with simulator outcome 'Success'
- ~~4149~~ 4135 designs with simulator outcome 'CouldNotStabilize'
- ~~380~~ 377 designs with simulator outcome 'HitBoundary'
- ~~242~~ 231 designs with simulator outcome 'Error' (Simulator exited w/o an outcome)
- ~~2139~~ 2138 designs with simulator outcome 'Timeout' (Simulator hanged for 30 seconds and was terminated)


### 062722152144_sample2.csv
Contains 7445 novel (not seen in the training set, or previous samples) UAV designs generated using model from experiment
ID 062722152144 (See experiments/CharRNN for model). Respective simulator results acquired using HyForm simulator.

Statistics for design outcomes:
- 1614 designs with simulator outcome 'Success'
- 3394 designs with simulator outcome 'CouldNotStabilize'
- 269 designs with simulator outcome 'HitBoundary'
- 163 designs with simulator outcome 'Error' (Simulator exited w/o an outcome)
- 2012 designs with simulator outcome 'Timeout' (Simulator hanged for 30 seconds and was terminated)

### 062722152144_sample3.csv

Statistics for design outcomes:
- 1330 designs with simulator outcome 'Success'
- 2965 designs with simulator outcome 'CouldNotStabilize'
- 212 designs with simulator outcome 'HitBoundary'
- 174 designs with simulator outcome 'Error' (Simulator exited w/o an outcome)
- 2011 designs with simulator outcome 'Timeout' (Simulator hanged for 30 seconds and was terminated)

### generated_uav_designs.csv

Aggregation of all designs in 062722152144_sample1.csv, 062722152144_sample2.csv, 062722152144_sample3.csv


### XXX_dqn_designs.csv

Unique designs generated by DQN experiment num. XXX (i.e, designs generated when training the DQN agent)

**NOTE:** The metrics contained in these files are from the NN surrogate simulator! See the 'simresults_' files for
ground truth metric values.